Alerting: Migrate unknown NoData\Error settings to the default (#68403)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/migrating-alerts/migrating-legacy-alerts.md

Author: Yes, it is supposed to be Grafana Alerting. Thanks for fixing

- If there are no dashboard permissions and the dashboard is under a folder, then the rule is linked to this folder and inherits its permissions.
- If there are no dashboard permissions and the dashboard is under the General folder, then the rule is linked to the `General Alerting` folder, and the rule inherits the default permissions.

> 3. Execution of `NoData` and `Error` is migrated as is to the corresponding settings of unified alerting, expect two situations:
> 
>    3.1. Since there is no `Keep Last State` option for `No Data` in Grafana Alerting, this option becomes `NoData`. Option `Keep Last State` for `Error` is migrated to a new option `Error`. To match the behavior of the `Keep Last State`, in both cases, during the migration Grafana automatically creates a silence for each alert rule with a duration of 1 year.
> 
>    3.2. Due to lack of validation, legacy alert rules imported via JSON or provisioned along with dashboards can contain arbitrary values for `NoData` and [`Error`](/docs/sources/alerting/alerting-rules/create-grafana-managed-rule.md#configure-no-data-and-error-handling). In this situation, Grafana will use the default setting: `NoData` for No data, and `Error` for Error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `NoData` and `Error` options are migrated as is to the corresponding settings in unified alerting, expect in two situations:

   3.1. Since there is no `Keep Last State` option for `No Data` in Grafana Alerting, this option becomes `NoData`. Option `Keep Last State` for `Error` is migrated to a new option `Error`. To match the behavior of the `Keep Last State`, in both cases, during the migration Grafana automatically creates a silence for each alert rule with a duration of 1 year.

   3.2. Due to lack of validation, legacy alert rules imported via JSON or provisioned along with dashboards can contain arbitrary values for `NoData` and [`Error`](/docs/sources/alerting/alerting-rules/create-grafana-managed-rule.md#configure-no-data-and-error-handling). In this situation, Grafana will use the default setting: `NoData` for No data, and `Error` for Error.
```
